Next one up.
We're all going to have the margin on again we're just going to check it out first in the image and
we see that pairing was the distance in between the edge of the element and the content and then the
margin would be the distance in between let's say the screen or other elements and we can just test
that out first.
Now you know what I can just get rid of all these values and I was going to keep it simply by padding
and let's say 20 pixels there's gonna be 20 pixels all around.
And also let's do the same thing over here.
I will go to common to south just so we know that this obviously works but I'm going to uncommon right
now and I'm first putting analysts do exactly the same thing where it was 20 pixels awesome.
Everything is working really nice with the panic.
Well what about the margin.
Well we have the same options we can write margin and then we again we're looking for margin but our
margin left margin to maybe not.
Let's test that out all of the options.
Let's just say first with margin right.
What do you think is going to happen right now.
I have some kind of margin and this is some case already where even though we didn't at any margins
the default browser stars are adding these margins.
This is the reason why you see these distances in between.
And this is gonna be a lot of times especially in the beginning once you start out the annoying factor
where you're like oh wait a minute I'm doing all this with a layout and why this is not working why
am I keep getting this margin.
Well that's the case because it starts off by default.
You need to be very careful with that but with margin right.
What I would like to write and let's try 50 pixels.
What do I have right now.
So I have more than my margin on right is going to be 50 pixel.
And again I can go all around like we did with the padding but I think it would be a waste of our time
since we know that they wouldn't work exactly the same like we had with the padding what I do want to
show you is that how we can get rid of this default.
I already set the preset previously in my videos where I just select all the elements and we added the
property.
Now I'm not going to do this in this video because eventually we're going to come back to it anyway.
But I do want to show you that if I'm gonna head over to margin and in this case I would like to have
margin bottom.
Now the reason why I would want to set margin bottom is because I would want to show you how we can
stack one on top of each other because at the moment you notice they do have the margin in between.
But we didn't work on that margin.
It's obviously nowhere in our system.
So how do we do.
Where does the margin bottom.
And instead of the value of 20 pixels 50 pixels hundred and twenty pixels.
I'm going to go with simple zero.
What happens.
Well I'm getting my margin smaller.
I do still have the margin because the key here is paragraph still has the margin on top.
Okay let's get rid of it let's say margin.
We're looking for margin up and margin to surprise surprise.
We're gonna go with 0.
What do you see right now.
Did we eventually get rid of the default margin that we're getting.
I think we did.
So again the short way you would do it something like this you would say the Asterix and then you would
say margin zero again will we will gonna be adding more properties later on but you will do something
like this where you would just say whatever I'm getting I want to get rid of all the default margins
and just let me work from scratch.
And this is again something you would normally do and this is something we will in fact do throughout
the project.
So let me again.
You know what.
Let me comment this or comment this out just so you know that this is an option but let's keep working
with these guys.
So now I have margin bottom zero as well as this guy now you know what.
We can also maybe get rid of this and let's look at again whether we have the same options for shortcuts
because we know our lead margin top margin left and all those properties are gonna be available to us.
How often we'll use it.
I have no idea in most cases.
I think you are gonna go with either this one where there's going to be margin around or the top bottom
and left and right.
So why don't we practice on these ones.
So let's say or here I'm going to say margin all around is gonna be I don't know 30 pixels or something
like this or that would be the margin.
And I'm also going to be working with the paragraph.
So for the paragraph no let's try margin top bottom is going to be 50 pixels and I don't know 20 pixels
left and right that would look something like this.
And once we have a margin top bottom why don't we also try all four options where we have margin all
around and for this we're going to say margin again.
Let's look for some kind of values hundred pixels just so we can see.
I don't know 20 pixels again left and right.
I mean sorry.
Right not left and right the bottom.
Obviously we're not going to be able to see there's nothing here right now but let's just start again.
Something like 20 pixels.
And last but not least we're going to be looking at a right one where we can get again something like
50 pixels what service and what do I have I have hundred so I have 20 and I have all around.
So this is how the margin would work in the US as Box model.